
CMPT 315 Project Proposal: Open Rank
====================================
Tournaments, leagues and various competitions are taking place everyday in
various forms across the planet. Planning can become a problem for small
organizations who just want to create and track small competition
with multiple teams/people. The members of these organizations need a way to
see up-to-date results and schedules as well as rankings and statistics of the
participating members. A need for message forms for games, tournaments, and
leagues to allow people to communicate and comment on progress. While programs
do exist to create tournaments these programs exist for a single purpose of
creating a tournament bracket and leave out the social aspect of tournaments
and discussing results that as shown by the success of sport channels people desire.


Open Rank will fill in this void in the market by creating a dynamic web
application. We will allow for organizations to create a tournament or league
or both if it is needed. As the tournament takes place the admins of the
organization will add in the results. We will have a section/page for that
game/tournament with a discussion area where you can comment if you are logged
in or as anonymous. The page will also have responsive clean data
visualization charts that update based on the stats. These features will be
built on:  /* Someone add in what tools we are using to build this. */. 

       
This web application will help small local organizations to have all these
tools and seem more professional and take away some of the stress of creating
and organizing a league. People will now have a place to discuss the results
of their small town soccer game. All together this will make an all in one
site where people can see results and discuss them.


/* This was just a quick write up of what I think the project was going to be
about our discussions were a bit all over the place so I hope this narrows it
down. We should find an hour to discuss this before the next lab when we have
to hand this in - Adam */
   
