CMPT 315 Project Proposal: Open Rank
====================================
Tournaments, leagues and various competitions are extremely prevelant in
modern day society. Planning for these types of events becomes a burden for
small organizations who want a simple outlet for creating small tournaments,
leagues and competitions. A system is needed to allow for small organizations
to display up-to-date results, schedules, rankings, and statistics for members
of that particular organization. The social aspect of competition must also be
addressed to account for various types of communications throughout the
system, such as being able to banter with others on results in a real-time
fashion. Current systems lack this social aspect and only allow for the simple
creation of tournament brackets.

Based on the lack of social engagement for competitions, *Open Rank* will
create an environment that promotes participants to communicate. It will also
give small organizations an intuitive and dynamic system for creating and
managing tournaments/leagues. During a tournament, administrators will be able
to add in the results instantly which will in turn update visualization
charts, leaderboards, and statistics. These features will primarily
be built using the following tools: /* Someone add in what tools we are using
to build this. */.

With simple tools, small organizations will remove the hassle of creating
tournaments, leagues, and competitions. They will be able to use the *Open
Rank* system as an easy way to manage competitions on-the-fly. Participants of
the organization will also have a place to communicate with each other while
being able to view results, leaderboards, and statistics.
